The strongest agent users do not only delegate bigger tasks.
They turn repeated work into reusable workflows.
OpenAI's research found growing use of skills and plugins that preserve instructions, tool access, and procedural context.
In June 2026, about a quarter of active individual users and nearly a third of active organizational users invoked at least one skill.
Start by identifying a task that recurs with the same goal, inputs, constraints, and review standard.
Encode the procedure: where to find context, which tools to use, what order matters, which checks must pass, which actions are forbidden, and where approval is required.
Keep the workflow versioned and evidence-producing.
When a failure occurs, update the procedure or tool interface instead of relying on the next agent to remember a conversation.
Parallel execution is valuable only when tasks are independent and the review burden remains manageable.
Three agents can research separate markets or inspect separate modules.
They should not all edit the same artifact without coordination and ownership rules.
The human role becomes workflow design and portfolio management: choose tasks, allocate context, watch blockers, review high-impact outputs, and improve the reusable system from real failures.
Chapter recap.
First, standardize tasks that repeat with the same inputs, constraints, and checks.
Second, reuse procedures that preserve context, tools, permissions, and evidence.
Third, parallelize independent work only when ownership and review remain clear.